---
layout: post
campaign: david
---

Dockside, port 12B at noon. I arrived early. I'd like to say it's out of professionalism, or courtesy perhaps, but really I just didn't have anything better to do. I was very early. I whiled away the hours of the morning watching the people of Dockside go about their lives. Dockworkers for the most part, obviously, loading and unloading the airships. A new oddity that has appeared since I was here a year ago is that apparently some of the nobility have decided that slumming it with the peasants is novel and have taken to converting some of the functional buildings into craft breweries.

As the hour approached, more of my kind trickled into the square. Adventurers, mercenaries, the wayward sons and daughters from all around. An assortment of weapons running the full spectrum. 

The airship arrived several hours late. Melkond seems to do things at his own pace. And by that I mean he’s the type of person who doesn’t care about others. There was a minor commotion between him and two associates of his who had apparently done a job for him previously. A Dwarf and a Tiefling having a pay dispute. Something about failing to retrieve a staff. We embarked, along with this new pair. 

The ship’s cleric, whom I met in the dining room, is a hotheaded young lady. Apparently alcohol is a rarity on airships.

Nobody seems to know what the job actually is.

Once we were away, Melkond explained that the job was a protection gig while he surveys the void. It sounds simple, so I’m not sure why “great rewards” were promised. Maybe he’s hoping for some discovery. Mingling in the kitchens seems to be the favourite pastime. The cleric is apparently at home on a ship, but is new to the void. Not that I’ve been their myself, but jobs like these are pretty routine and she seems flustered.
I’ve learned the Dwarf’s name is Belloh Bellmore. A friendly man. He seems to be the cooler head of the pair. The Tiefling, Sahjah, is pretty insistent on being compensated for their last job. Belloh assures me Melkond won’t stiff us for a job well done though, and it sounds like he’s done some work for Grand Wizards before.